//	http://ymirro.userboard.net/t2-elfrig-s-event-ideas

This is where i will post any event ideas that pop into my head~
...At a later time...Stay tuned!
Back to top Go down	
View user profile
Zack



Posts: 1
Join date: 2014-03-26
Age: 21
Location: Sulphur, Louisiana

	
PostSubject: Re: Elfrig's Event Ideas~   Wed Mar 26, 2014 11:10 pm	
~Rats in Ice~

Description: You’re all rats used as an experiment [Novices Lvl. 1/1] , however, most of you have escaped the lab and are now running wildly in a room with no exit. There’s a rumour that the last three rats are given freedom… or at least an award for being the toughest of them all!

Map: Preferably a square map with no obstacles and warps. Something like a custom PvP map.

Pre-Setup: Go to the chosen map and turn off all skills.

They are to run and dodge the GM [ Who have @hide or @cloaking on ] from sealing them in and not allowing them to move using the Wizard’s skill: Ice wall. The GM will Ice wall together and hit random people, slowly sealing off every player they can get. The players are to continue running and be the last to survive.

Make sure all players have no buffs on, if they do, use AGI down on them. Of course, be generous and explain that they should not have any pre-buffs before the event.

Keep in mind that the GMs must keep spamming the skill Ice wall for a while.

~Find The Lost Treasure!~

Description: Choose a treasure box out of 10 other treasure boxes and test your luck!

Map: A map that players can not get to.

Pre-Setup: You will simply gather a list of players that wish to test their luck and warp them one by one while crossing out their names off the list. They will only be allowed to hit one Treasure box. Only one treasure box out of the 10 other Treasure box will contain a lovely prize within. If they choose to hit them all, they will be penalized.

You as the GM could summon 9 Treasure boxes and disguise as one. If they hit you, they get a prize, if they don’t and hit one of your summonings, they do not get a prize.

~Cold Dazzle~

Description: This is an event where all novices shall test their luck and strength in withstanding a terrible joke that may freeze any weakling and a lovely lady in distress who shall scream.

Map: A map where you can see them all.

Note: GMs must be a Clown/Ministrel or Gypsy/Wanderer.

Pre-setup: You will need one or more GMs for this event. Have the players to sign up by creating a freshly made [ No equips transfered or levelling done at all ] novice and getting them to PM you their name. You will recall them and get them to form a line or two… as long as you can see them all. They will not be wearing any equips and hopefully they won’t! You as the GM, will be using “Frost Joke” once, those who are unlucky will freeze and be out of the event. Those who didn’t freeze, will stay. Next, the other GM shall be a Dancer using the skill “Scream.” Those who are stunned shall be out of the game, those who aren’t shall stay.

Easily enough, you shall continue the process until you have the final 3 decided from 1st place to 3rd place. Once you know your winners, be sure to check their equips for any signs of cheating such as cards that prevent them from such statuses. Check out their level as well since stats may also prevent those statuses

~Who's Who?~

The GM's would have to change their name and look like each other hair style, colour, and cloth colour as well as headgear. The GMs would pick an area to hold the event and stand in a line next to each other. then people would guess who is who. This is only an event pitch the GMs can always change up the idea and add their own fun twist to it.

~Warping Event~
GM will open 3 warp which contains one at the next destination and 2 at prontera [default]
Players have to choose only one warp portal. And no telling the players where the next destination is. Or they will spawn themselves there.
And the players that got in the right place have to stay there until the GM comes.

~Spam Event~
Ok this one is pretty simple. The GM will have an NPC do /exall and get it to start counting from 1-1200 the person who clicks the npc and get it closest to 1000 wins.

Sharks and Mino's
Hold it in the guild arena room like the one in the treasure room. All of the players will have to stand on the right hand side of the arena behind the red line. When it's about to start, GM will stand in the centre and said 'GO'. We will race to the end. While we are at it, GM have to try to kill as many as he/she can. This event will go until it remains one sole survivor. Btw, only the GM can kill us. We can't kill other players. We are allowed speed pot or anything that increase our walking speed, buff like increase agi but no Soul Linker buff.

~Man Hunt~

Basically you just randomnly choose someone to the hunted and the rest go after him/her. The map has to be a big map. The GM will turn on PvP and they will hunt that person. And whoever kills that person has to bring the skull to the GM. And whoever killed it is next. Kind of like a reverse tag situation you know but eh seems like fun.

~Hide or Die~

Basically its like normal hide and seek only the roles are reversed. The players hide, and the GM finds. When found the player/players are nuked. Last one found wins. This game is more fun in towns, where there are buildings to hide in, makes it a bit more interesting.

~Musical Chairs~ (more like musical red plants)

Need open area, one of the towns or quiz rooms would likely work. The GM spawns red plants (or any color plant) in a line or circle with 1-2 cells between each. (The number of red plants will be adjusted to the number of participants, example: 10 players/10 plants)
Each player takes his/her place next to a plant. When the GM says 'GO' each player walks around the area (don't stray too far or you won't be safe). During the time the players are walking, the GM destroys one of the plants. The GM then announces 'Stop' - the players must find a red plant to stand next to.. the player without a plant is out. Last one standing wins

~Round 'em up!~

In a room, there would be two separate teams. It's up to the GM's who will be on what team. Then there would be a huge number of "immortal" porings wherein you have to round em up to a location. When you hit a poring, it'll follow you. Maybe the GM's can solve the part wherein it won't attack, or if it will attack, a damage of one or miss. It'll just follow the last attacker. Then after a minute or two, the GM calls the event done and counts the number of porings on each side. The ones that has the most porings win.

~Clone Wars~
As I'm sure you can guess by the name. Clone wars is just making clones of the people who join the event and just putting them against everyone that's in the event. Or just see who's all in pvp and make clones of all those people.