//	http://z10.invisionfree.com/DreamersDreamRO/index.php?showtopic=15

Want some events in the server? Now here is the chance to tell us! Suggest events that you'd like to see on this server, and we will consider your ideas!

Here is some event ideas I can think at the moment:

1. Treasure hunt! We will put several treasure boxes in different maps; collect more than three to get a bigger price! (Take screenshot for each treasure box you’ve found)

2. Item collecting! We will be trading “special items” (Items that could not be dropped by monsters or bought any where, in another word, it should be really RARE). You will be required to collect some items and give to us GMs in order to trade for the “special items”

3. Level Award! Players who exceeded of levelling a certain amount of level in a certain amount of time will be rewarded with a gift. (Note that the level and time have not been decided)

4. PVP! We will be hosting big PVP events later on. It will be a competition between different classes or possibly different levels. You can team up with another player too, but only 2 player teams are allowed. We will provide healers, and Tool Dealers, so, be ready to pwn! (We do not accept the use of any healing items during a duel.)

5. MVP!
a.) Also, we will be hosting MVP events. Who ever solos the most MVP wins an ultimate price!
b.) We will spawn MVPs in towns, who ever live for the longest wins a gift. (Using any skills such as cloak or hiding, using items such as fly wings or hide inside houses - _ -will result as a disqualification)

6. WOE! Of course, War of Emperium is always one of the main events in a server! Make your own guild and take over the castles! We will be monitoring the guild wars to make sure it’s fair for all!

7. MLP/MPP! Lol I just made that word up ~_~. It stands for the Most Loved Player or Most Popular Player. You get to be a candidate to get involved or be a supporter and vote for your MLP/MPP! (We will have a poll in the forums with the names of all candidates! We will monitor the voting process, so don't think of cheating ;D) The MLP/MPP will be selected each 2-3 Weeks, the winner will receive a gift from the Gm team. The candidate who gets the most votes for 3 consecutive polls will receive a grand price!

8. RO Comics! Finds something funny in game you want to tell us? Try to show us with you artistic skills! Make it as funny as you can, since the players and Gms will be taking part in the vote. (Polls will be posted on forums and monitored by us)

9. Double Exp/Drop Rate events! There will be an event when we adjust the all the rates to 2 times its normal for a certain period of time! Be prepared to level some more!

10. Most loved couple! Yay so here comes marriage! Vote for the sweetest couple in the whole server every month! They will be given some sweet gifts from us! happy.gif

11. MFGM/MHGM! Muhaha finally, it’s the time to vote for your favourite GM/Admin. There will be 2 polls. One is for the Most Favourite GM, the other one is for the Most Helpful GM. And the price… The winner would have the privilege to ask for a kiss from all the players ^__^, too bad you are not allowed to disagree with that ~_~ . There will be a poll inside the forum every month!

12. GVM! Lol here comes another made-up word… It’s guild vs monster time! We will provide a map for a guild to defend themselves and protect their guild master. We will be summoning monsters and see which guild can protect their guild master the longest. Resurrection of the guild master is not allowed. Once the guild master has died, we will record the time and the round will be over! The guild who won with the longest elapsed time will receive a gift. (It will be something the whole guild can share. Such as 1 guild level up, or receiving one more castle…etc)

13. Poring Spawning! We will be spawning porings in a selected map. But some of the porings will have rare drops! So be careful not to miss the drops!


Hmm can’t think of anything more than that right now. Please reply me with suggestions and what you think of my ideas. And we can’t have all the events on at the same time - _- ..
We need your suggestions!!! 